[Autogenerated] Hi.
My name's Andrew Morgan on Welcome to the course introduction
to Stream cloud contracts in this module,
we're going to take a hands on approach to consumer driven
contract testing with a goal of being able to use spring
cloud contract to build Hey, TTP based job and micro Services.
First,
we'll introduce when cloud contract explain its core
functionality on how it can be used to achieve the consumer
driven contract testing technique.
Well,
then use it to implement to hate DTP based Spring
Boot Micro services following fruit,
a consumer driven contracts testing workflow and two ends.
This will include learning how to define contracts
using a contract definition language.
We'll learn how to generate stops in contract verification
tests using the spring cloud contract verifier.
And finally,
we'll learn how to actually cute stops on the consumer side by using the stop runner